and how about friends two children one and two with
the dsb and good because this time we are in
a new script mode and taking back what
do the mods since the two videos that
its ok to have this guy's mind were just from
news on what will bring to minecraft and
0.9 point zero and here here if you throw
then you have to be informed to
know what it will bring and all that
good
let's see this script mode and this mode
script as you see you see a tag and it
will ask what is that good the
I 'm not really playing online but rather
is the script mode of naming names
the modes and mount them in this mode that
I think if you can what it would be
ride on enemy modes like
for example zombies teletos and all that
but I will not do it in this
new video plus be the 20 that is made
with a rope a leather and a sheet of
paper and let's do what you want
saddle that I think is made with five
of horns number souvenir and how are they
five leather we need to do the
saddle by hand we know this and well then
this mode write be in the
description and all credits to
creator since they do not want creator I
I saw it on the internet but they did not leave what
would be the creator so if the creator
is also the video please tell me and
I would put it as in the description the
credits to him let's see if in the subject
difficulty since it gives me a little bit
guided good as no
and now what are we going to do?
an animal as it is activated
maximum difficulty is super damaged
then I will not do it but if I already
try and if it works well then let's go
put the name to this leaves alone already
we play with the inta and we are going to put the
name let's put your subscribe
today we are going to give ok and there says that the
identity has been named
let's see and eat
if this museum serves and I like it a lot
and as you see , subscribe the name
now I want to see if
let's see about if we can already
mount
with the saddle we are going to touch it there
we are and how they see we tell ourselves about the
sheep and as you see that man has
arrived the man leaves forgiveness
that's right here we will not be able to dominate
see it but where she wants to go we
is going to take and to leave we go to the
middle key and we jump
daily
Now let's go after another animal
to see act another
when clicked
already put in the name is well I think that
you will not be able to send since one
very small what would be of mou
we'll see
we enter this city
I think you can not
you can not how it's going to jump we're not going to
but I think if power on earth
is going to be able now let's get out of the water
and since we have there we have the pig
and let's put the name
Manolo always put him when the pigs
as they automatically see, what is
that would be the name of manolo there
and good because I liked it enough if
do not come to get together the two pets
subscribe and manolo and let's see
well, only that would be the way
screen friends
I also wanted to comment something about
those who live in the channel on devices
commentable mobiles of all that if you
get into other applications that are not
youtube to watch videos and they are not
coming out what would be
in the videos the videos recently
but the feed in life are all
what I resent so there's
I have been told a lot because they give their
life or if it keeps going up but the thing is
that is not updated and then I hope
you liked the script mode not
forget subscribe give like comment
subscribe and all that and see you god